List of some of the most popular IDE

1. Eclipse - Eclipse is the free and open-source editor upon which many development frameworks are based. It's one of the granddaddies in its field and comes highly recommended by many a professional developer. Eclipse began as a Java development environment and has greatly expanded through a system of lightweight plugins.
2. NetBeans - NetBeans is neck-and-neck with Eclipse as the most-recommended IDE in this category. It's free and open-source, supports tons of languages with more plugins coming all the time, and is incredibly simple to install and use, even for a beginner. Working with Java, JavaScript, PHP, Python, Ruby, C, C++ languages. 
3. CodeRun - This broswer-based IDE works in Chrome, Firefox, Safari and even good old Internet Explorer. Like the more robust multi-language IDEs, CodeRun supports Visual Studio projects and .NET languages. Best of all, your code is sharable via hyperlinks; it's even got built-in social sharing tools, should you want to tweet your code.
4. ZendStudio - Zend Studio gives professional PHP developers the tools to write and maintain PHP code faster, solve problems more quickly, develop in the cloud and improve team collaboration. Content assistance lets you immediately understand which methods or variables are currently in scope and discover APIs for new frameworks and libraries. Easy-to-configure ZendDebugger and Xdebug automatically detects and validates your PHP binary or local debugging server settings.
5. Code::Blocks - is a free C, C++ and Fortran IDE built to meet the most demanding needs of its users. It is designed to be very extensible and fully configurable. Built around a plugin framework, Code::Blocks can be extended with plugins. Any kind of functionality can be added by installing/coding a plugin. For instance, compiling and debugging functionality is already provided by plugins!
6. Geany - Geany bills itself as a "small and fast" IDE, but it is by no means a lightweight. Its list of supported languages is about a block long; it's highly customizable; and it features a robust set of plugins which is open for hacking.
